Document cache sizes and imfo size (#474)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/canton/usermanual/apis.rst

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/community/app/src/test/resources/documentation-snippets/ledger-api-target-audience.conf

Ledger API Caches
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``max-contract-state-cache-size`` and ``max-contract-key-state-cache-size`` parameters control the sizes of the
ledger api contract and contract key caches respectively. Modifying these parameters changes the likelihood that a
transaction using a contract or a contract-key that was recently accessed (created or read) can still find it in the
memory rather than need to query it from the database. Larger caches might be of interest when there is a big pool of
ambient contracts that are consistently being fetched or used for non consuming exercises. It may also benefit those
use cases where a big pool of contracts is being rotated through a create -> archive -> create-successor cycle.

> Consider adjusting these parameters explicitly if the performance of your specific workflow depends on large caches.

Reviewer: Overall this could benefit from using simpler, more direct language and shorter sentences. (We have some long-term editorial plans so will tackle that kind of review later.)

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/community/app/src/pack/examples/03-advanced-configuration/api/large-ledger-api-cache.conf

Max Transactions in the In-Memory Fan-Out
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``max-transactions-in-memory-fan-out-buffer-size`` parameter controls the size of the in-memory fan-out buffer.
This buffer allows serving the transaction streams from memory as they are finalized, rather than from the database.

> You should choose this buffer to be large enough such that the likelihood of applications having to stream transactions
> from the database is low. Generally, having a 10s buffer is sensible. Therefore, if you expect a throughput of 20 tx/s,
> then setting this number to 200 is sensible. The new default setting of 1000 assumes 100 tx/s.
> Consider adjusting this parameters explicitly if the performance of your workflow foresees transaction rates larger
> than 100 tx/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure this buffer is large enough so applications are less likely to have to stream transactions
from the database. In most cases, a 10s buffer works well. For example, if you expect a throughput of 20 tx/s,
set this number to 200. The new default setting of 1000 assumes 100 tx/s.
Consider adjusting these parameters explicitly if the performance of your workflow foresees transaction rates larger
than 100 tx/s.
```
